Welcome back in this section I want to tackle the problem that we have especially when we're starting
out there is how do I create a layout of a Web site.
And it's probably the hardest thing to learn when you're starting off.
How do you create something let's say like this that is responsive that we see all across the web and
navigation bar a hatter some grids a footer down here.
And how do we really make it responsive.
In this section we're going to build an ideal web page layout so that moving forward you have the baseline
and Fondation to go off and customize and build whatever sites you want that are responsive without
spending a lot of time trial and error trying different things with CSSA hoping that it works.
So I'm going to show you my recommended way of laying out web pages that is responsive and have that
template available to you moving forward.
We're also going to learn about a new feature in CSSA called CSSA grid which is a really really powerful.
And as you learn allows us to use this CSSA grid combined with fluxbox to honestly Navan need things
like bootstrap four or other libraries that allow you to do grids back in the day.
It was really really hard to do layout and see SS But with tools like CSSA grid and flex box you now
have the ability to really build beautiful responsive layouts really really fast.
So let's get started.
See you in the next video.